[Doc Improvement][SEO Metadata Task] (#12083)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/device-capabilities/location-capability.md

---
title: Add Location Capability with TeamsJS
author: surbhigupta

> description: Learn how to use Teams JavaScript client library and location APIs to utilize location capabilities, and error handling by using code snippets and samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to add location capabilities, it's advantages, about location APIs, error handling scenarios, and about relevant code snippets and samples.
```

Author: Updated
